1. Remove the CHU services from the public home page
2. Search by services in the home page
3. Facilities to be shown on the map
4. Test the system with the regulators API
5. Change the report's name to facilities report filter
6. Link the sub-county to ward
7. Make sub-county a mandatory field
8. Remove last_quater in county with changes report and dashboard
9. Admin offices to be created by the CHRIOS
        1. contacts
        2. Sub-county
        3. Job-title
        4. In-charge Name
10: Search reset button in the admin reports is not working
11. Rename service field to service details

12. Make the drop-down more intuitive by having the drop-down caret
13. Remove the name advanced search page and leave the facility reports
14. In the users grid add level the user is working on either at the national, county or sub-county
    also add the group title
15. Make it possible to transfer SCHRIO users  by the national admins
16. User_name field should be removed from the users download list.
17. Show all the facility types in the facility types graph in the dashboard
18. Remove the facility legend name in the facility types graph in the dashboard
19. Add user contacts during rating a service
20. Change the placeholder text in the publics to indicate that the user can leave their contacts
21. Change dashboard to fetch from sub-counties and not constituencies
22. Drill-down facilities from the dashboard to the report page(Future)
23. Remove savannah powered by and move to the partners section
24. Hide in-charge details in the public and only give the facility contacts
25. Hide the CHEW contacts and details in the public website
26. Link the map on the homepage to the geo-locator
27. Move the downloads to the admin side
28. KMHFL email ministry for github
29. Rename the reporting group to managers and remove community units groups
30. Add community units also in the create group tool tips booleans
31. Rename report group to system viewer
32. The CHRIO to create report managers at his level
33. The SCHRIO will not be able to create users.
34. Add delete user button
35. Make the facility fields optional up-to 31st March
36. Change about to documentation
37. Download to be taken to the login site.
38. Use official name for the regulator snyc
39. Show the details of the facility with a probable match from the synchronize facilities page
40. Enable printing a facility
41. Make the matching smarter (match by admin area, official name, )
42. Show mfl code in the sync facilities table
43. Change the name of the regulator sync button to validate
44. mail.health.go.ke the email server
45. remove view services in service categories in setup

#Issues with conflict
1. Link a Community Health Units to services
2. Map facilities at the county


##
 Server integrity error on creating users contacts
 On patching a user his permissions disappear
